yes as a matter fact hello I am in a
Counting house I mean in fact in the
count has that got telecom right on the
edge of Cornwall with the C over there
and the wind blowing all over the place
and today I'm gonna cook you a rabbit
because my director tells me no I don't
believe everything he says but he says
all tin miners used to eat rabbits in
the olden days but we don't eat them
anymore
and that's a great shame because they
are cheap and economical and quite
delicious thing so Richard if you'd like
to come down to my ingredients I explain
what we're going to have first of all we
need some chopped fatty bacon some
finely diced carrot that's not carrot is
it that's on your mind it doesn't matter
we all make mistakes like that anyway if
you can't tell the difference between an
onion and carrot switch over to Sesame
Street or back to Crossroads or whatever
you're up to anyway it's all real
interests rabbit then a bay leaf fresh
rosemary chervil and some thyme some
prunes which we've had soaking in white
wine but you could soak them in tea or
water if you wanted to we're gonna need
a drop of cognac later and a bit of
white wine for cooking in then I've
rolled up some butter and flour later
for thickening the sauce parsley tomato
puree finely chopped garlic and the
liver and the heart from the rabbit
which we'll put into the sauce okay okay
Richard come on over and we'll get
things going a little bit this is the
pan that's all going to go in we get the
bacon maximize the speed in with the
onions and in with the carrot in a few
minutes we'll start to bubble away yes
sorry about it I do a slew take off
there I wasn't really up to trying speed
anyway we are now everything's going
fine as you can see it's bubbling nicely
way turning golden and it's at this
stage I'll put this up I would be like
she went as we put the rabbit in like
this
the oil and bacon bits of onion a quick
grind on pepper over all of that
run these little city quickly and then
because this is the goodness slightly
fun way of doing things in we go with a
very
in with the garlic in with our bay leaf
little bit of rosemary a little bit of
thyme chervil doesn't that look really
effective we're gonna pop me in with our
freeze drop of white wine I hope you can
hear me above all this sizzling and
puzzling little white wine tiny bit of
tomato puree stir about him like so and
tiny pinch of salt into the sauce I'll
rabbit sliver to give it the stock
flavor and we now just let that simmer
gently away turning from time to time we
should come back now I think they've
seen enough of that don't you remember
all day let that simmer gently now
provide I'd know 35 minutes and every
now and again turn the rabbit over I'm
going for a walk out in the countryside
action and then to the pub for a quick
run you're going for a walk around the
countryside or whatever these whimsical
and brilliant directors dream up you
probably a job across the moor all I
know and I'll see under the wire